
'Twas the night before Demo and all through the Slack
not a coder was joking or handing out flack.
The wireframes finished, all mocked-up with care
were saved to the Dropbox for everyone there,
The child-views were static and fixed to the page,
to ensure that thay'd stay put and prevent a rage.
And Mason in his pouf hat, and Jake in his plaid,
were last-minute coding something totally rad.

When upon my browser there arose such a pop-up,
I sprang from my XBox to locate the muck-up.
I opened my console, I loaded up bash,
restarted the server and disabled Flash.

The bright screen before me, it loaded anew
my SASS populated, HTML too.
When suddenly - Uh oh! - a horrible junction:
a line of red text: "Undefined's not a function.
I stopped for a moment and thought I'd be sick,
"What's it mean, 'undefined'? That's an awfully cruel trick!"

Now faster, the site failed, the errors they came
and I Google'd each one by it's property "name":
"What's TOKEN, where's CONFIG, which HREF location?
What'd I put in my dotfile? Did I miss a migration?
To the top of the buffer! Oh please process, don't stall!
Now DELETE. Now REQUEST. Now console.log(all)!"

As though if by magic, more conflicts arose,
my fingers grew tired, my blood pressure rose.
With a log overflowing, and the 'undefined' still,
I brought out old trusty: "ps aux, grep & kill".

And just then it hit me; I screamed at the roof:
"I mispelled the method!" I felt like a goof.
I corrected the function, pulled my last commit down, 
watched the page start reload & let go of my frown.

My model now refreshed, I logged in as root,
I cleared out my cache and upgraded my 'Brew.
I ran down my test suite: it all had gone green.
I loaded my splash page - what a fine looking scene!

My collections all filled and my store-service blazed
and my ng-click methods my classmates amazed. 
My APIs refreshed with nary a quota.
"It's perfect!", I thought, "Almost time for some DOTA!"

I gave one last long look at my JSON & gems,
then control-L'ed my servers, shut down my frontend.
But one last alert flashed as I logged out of Chrome:
"KICK ASS ON PRESENTATIONS! ALMOST TIME TO GO HOME!"
